Welcome back.
I hope your brain is not mush from all these sorting algorithms.
I know I keep saying this, but sorting is one of my least favorite topics because there's just so much
to learn.
And most people focus on just coding, sorting algorithms, which just doesn't apply in real life.
Most developers and engineers go their entire life, not ever coding a sorting algorithm from scratch.
But we are going to encounter situations where we need to make decisions on which sorting algorithm
to use.
So to prepare you for that, I have a couple of questions.
And the questions are numbered here.
And I want you to answer each question.
If this was asked to you by your employer or a boss or maybe an interview, what type of sorting algorithm
you'd use based on this factor?
For example, we have ten schools around your house and you want to sort them by distance.
What type of sorting algorithm will use?
And you'll see here we have about eight questions.
Give it a try.
I'll link to this exercise and in the next video I'll give you my opinion.
Remember, there's always pros and cons with everything.
So really think about this and I'll see you in the next video.
Bye bye.